Fix/group of fixes (#153)
open-rpc/spec: spec.md

<a name="link-server"></a>server | [Server Object](#server-object) | A server object to be used by the target method.

A linked method must be identified directly, and must exist in the list of methods defined by the [Methods Object](#method-object).

When a runtime expression fails to evaluate, no parameter value is passed to the target method.

Values from the result can be used to drive a linked method.

Clients follow all links at their discretion.
Neither permissions, nor the capability to make a successful call to that link, is guaranteed
solely by the existence of a relationship.

This object MAY be extended with [Specification Extensions](#specification-extensions).

#### Runtime Expression

Runtime expressions allow the user to define an expression which will evaluate to a string once the desired value(s) are known. They are used when the desired value of a link or server can only be constructed at run time.
This mechanism is used by [Link Objects](#link-object) and [Server Variables](#server-variables).

> The runtime expression makes use of [string-json-template-language](https://github.com/etclabscore/string-json-template-language) syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The runtime expression makes use of [JSON Template Language](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-jonas-json-template-language-01) syntax.```

<a name="components-links"></a> links | Map[`string`, [Link Object](#link-object)] | An object to hold reusable [Link Objects](#link-object).
<a name="components-errors"></a>errors | Map[`string`, [Error Object](#error-object)] | An object to hold reusable [Error Objects](#error-object).
<a name="components-example-pairing-objects"></a>examplePairingObjects | Map[`string`, [Example Pairing Object](#example-pairing-object)] | An object to hold reusable [Example Pairing Objects](#example-pairing-object).
<a name="components-tags"></a>tags | Map[`string`, [Tag Object](#tag-object)] | An object to hold reusable [Tag Objects](#tag-object).

This object MAY be extended with [Specification Extensions](#specification-extensions).

All the fixed fields declared above are objects that MUST use keys that match the regular expression: `^[a-zA-Z0-9\.\-_]+$`

## Tag Object

Adds metadata to a single tag that is used by the [Method Object](#method-object).
It is not mandatory to have a Tag Object per tag defined in the Method Object instances.

Field Name | Type | Description
---|:---:|---
<a name="tag-name"></a>name | `string` | **REQUIRED**. The name of the tag.

> <a name="tag-description"></a>description | `string` | A verbose explanation for the tag. [GitHub Flavored Markdown syntax](https://github.github.com/gfm/) MAY be used for rich text representation.

Reviewer: markdown might be a stretch for tags. im thinking swap this for `summary`?
